[Music]
yo guys you know what time it is
and she boy coming back at you're right
here right now for the new gameplay on
fortnight 50 versus 50 so as 50 team
members against another 50 team members
it's been an absolute Smasher of a mode
it is a limited time only mode as well
so guys if you are into fortnight you
haven't tried out the 50 versus 50 mode
just yet get yourself over there start
doing it and yo get that sorted my dudes
without further ado let's get into some
fortnight we've got a post on discord
put it on Twitter hopefully get a few
people in here if you are new to the
channel make sure you hit like and
subscribe for me and turn the turn
notifications on I'll be brilliant and
also head over to my sponsor for today
which is insane
grips give them a follow on Twitter
there's also 20% off at checkout
when code Christmas 20 is used
also guys we may even have football open
running today you never know you never
know
right let's have a look let's have a
look what does it say okay this week we
revealed a limited-time 50 versus 50
mode all right all right all right all
right you can play it right now grab
your closest friends jump into an epic
battle last team standing wins obviously
we know that save the world we don't do
that at the moment
Paragon winter first 2017 play Paragon
epic free MOBA and a bounty of Winter
Fest loot peril ones most generous event
of the year you guys you know what that
means we may have flu you know we may
have to do this we may have to do it you
don't know you don't know yeah oh good
evening viewers thanks for joining the
stream thank you for dropping the lights
as well we're just heading over to some
50 versus 50 solo no Phil let's get the
lake posted through on Twitter as quick
as possible just give me a couple of
seconds as my dudes and dudettes if you
have posted anything in the chat I will
read it in just a moment's time for you
guys
just remember as well this video is
sponsored today by insane grips they are
an absolute smashing company they do all
sorts of things accessories for ps4 PC
and Xbox they do grips for your
controllers grips for your thumb paddles
and things like that
headsets all sorts of things so be sure
to go ahead and hit them up on Twitter
at insane grips obviously replace the S
at the end with a Zed give them a follow
and if you do decide to buy someone off
the website insane grips dot uk' dead
use Christmas 20 at checkout for 20% off
and there you go so we are going to just
quickly post up a thumbnail crack it up
over on to Twitter and discord and we
should be good to go and it's done what
I thought it was going to do and it
didn't want it to do that so just bear
with me two moments right
okay okay there we go there we go all
right so we've saved all that boom we
are good to go slap back over there
slap through on to discord quickly
obviously we're going to be signing into
discord because we've got to join the
insane groups on there
okay we are online
fingernail-sized like tahaafe Reina
Freud all right guys let's get a much
going washer the service have been quite
laggy recently due to four night
problems but hey there's not much that
we can do about that there's not much we
can do about that
[Music]
all right where we jumped in to play a
little bit
[Music]
see guys I'll show you a good few places
around wailing woods so to one of the
best places to loot as well and
obviously one of the best places to pick
up some lovely lovely material ie would
bring
[Music]
I'm just gonna show you guys just just a
little another thing that I've noticed
really if you do if you do come to
wailing woods
[Music]
always always always
land land on top of the hill before
anything so you know if you come to this
direct something you usually go to the
tree first maybe to go for the new
season one spot him just down there
and that's good because we don't have a
weapon at the current time and he's
gotta go he's going to know which is not
good and he's also going to know which
is also not good this is not a very good
stop
so yeah usually if you land on top of
that hill there's a gun up there nine
times out of ten and there's a chest at
the tree so I'd advise to land on top of
the hill first if you do go towards that
way grab whatever is up there and then
if anybody gets to the tree before you
you've already got a gun to kill them
off with I don't even know if they were
my teammates nope they weren't my
teammates so all that we know that if
people come shoot him there's really
only one team around us and I will try
and limit the swearing today as well
guys I do apologize if I do swear just a
tiny tiny bit I don't mean to
I love having shield oh nice nice
never forget to open that hole dude I
was gonna happen oh dude ever come
before me
no all right so first game wasn't too it
wasn't too good you know first games are
never too good guys never never mind
never mind we'll do it next time round
just bear with me two seconds just to
post them onto a
yes I have that
at the moment I am suffering with
extreme wisdom toothache so if I do
sound a bit weird guys that's that's
probably why
right let's go we've got a pop that over
there tweet that out and we should you
know we'll be good to go
yeah alright we're good to go
just quickly need to numb my tooth a
little bit guys so bear with me
wow this is going into a server I should
have enough time to numb but the tooth
if anybody has ever used clove oil let
me know because clove oil well you how
to take is a godsend and I'm not even
joking it really is a godsend to mankind
oh that's so good
[Music]
we're suckers Before we jump it let's go
[Applause]
right
Oh little bit of a sensitive - that's
wrong that's wrong
[Music]
we go fail we're gonna try we're gonna
try a decade look at the child wailing
once again
[Music]
yo sweet sugar apple how are you do it
that much appreciated
place equal t-50 Alero with youtuber to
DVR gaben i mean it's pretty cam might
have to do so good for YouTube channel
but play see it is definitely definitely
hard my friend but you know the grind is
real keep grinding and you'll make it
the more you grind the more you get do
UTI bombs how you doing it says yo or
making a fortnight compilation wonder if
she would like to be featured in it if
you got any clips let me know please
and also not me to learn there you know
what let's go to let's just go to the
tree first off if you've got any clips
let me know please send me a link if I
have a clip ah yeah well if you watch
this video you see any clips you like
feel free to clip it just obviously make
sure you give me credit
wonder if there's a little of their
sweet sugar good when you die invite me
not a problem
there's someone already come in here now
others feel not it's unusual for that to
be nothing at the top of this some
bandages right here love a few bandages
so as I was saying before guys this
video is sponsored by insane grips go
hit them with a follow on Twitter
they'd be much appreciative if you do
order anything from using grips be sure
to use the code Christmas 28th check out
for 20% off
not supposed to shoot the darn thing
yeah well it would as it did a swap to
my pickaxe which was kind of see what
this chest oh we have another shield you
know I I'm gonna change that for a few
just in case we do need an extra field
trap how far are we away from the circle
so quite some time away from the circle
we are coming up with a teammate we're
now 40 33 so we have a little bit of
killing left to do at the moment when
zero kills so it's all good Oh we'll
just pop straight over to discord just
to see what the height or the char is
about what's that what's that what's
that all yeah
Oh
I did not see him he loved me where did
he go well I want to know is where he
went well did the teammate is a teammate
guy oh come on teammate take a bow for
me teammate where is he
oh don't be naughty like that oh we've
got some mama here to some health out
really good oh this is what happens
we've down the open guys never ever ever
ever ever stay out in the open
you've got a low
so gotta learn from those kind of
mistakes guys you really really have
watch these guys just for a little bit
always sits around I know I know I was
just a little bit worried they're a
little bit worried about the about the
house that I was on but you know what's
the few teammates see what they're doing
at the moment
no one's we're doing that we'll have a
look at the discord and the Twitter very
very quickly Oh tell you something guys
clove oil it's the world's best
invention ever I can tell you that right
now oh yeah
[Music]
well you don't expect to see a big
spider running across your wall every
single night do not expect to be seeing
that that kind of gave me a little scare
just then go to admit see this debate so
it's got 2% out but it doesn't have any
shield okay but always invite a fight
yeah let's get that sorted as well just
bear with me guys two seconds tor tor
tor tor tor
how does your might every time you come
[Music]
Oh
all right let's leave this game it's 20
years somebody will get sweet sugar
apple in the game I have to check it out
later
think I'll let the stream about quarter
to 11:00 should be roughly about an hour
right you ready all right
haha don't worry did it it did it
apparently with when I beat boxes
Cringer
and that was from Kady right don't beat
box its Cringer oh well who cares
still got that oppa so what I'm gonna do
so close I'm gonna close that let's go
let's go open foot spot yo let's go the
first spot
let's get foot spot open and running on
the channel so what I donate it swimming
five dollars wait five oh yeah oh yeah
yeah he's in Australia running I forgot
about do apologize if everybody can hear
the discord chat popping off on my phone
for spot is I don't want to do that
right let's commit a stream a live
stream committed let's go and paste the
stream in shall we no way I could see
all the comments
alright let's drop it Waylon woods
wand joke
probably gonna get killed grabs about
you watch you go to the hill or what
other yeah yeah yeah well we're equally
players at the moment 49 49 I don't see
anyone landing near us just if you can
try and - the swearing oh no I'm just
you know it's the friendly Channel at
all
three burst up here I just look if you
want it shield you ready
this one over here left oh it's already
been looted so there may be people over
here already
yah yah yah yah yah yah yah got someone
on me someone on me
just it's got snipers get up I've got
the green if you want it lacks accuracy
I think Oh is a slush that I see is a
slush that I see no it's a sniper god I
love a purple sniper yes I shall take
that you know just keep people off the
back
some bandages up here if you want I have
a med kit so I am going to swap I'll be
at the truck 36:33 one kid on the map
already chest
plus they all got a few teammates up
from us three teammates that tomorrow
town so it should be alright
whilst I'm running over I'm gonna
quickly check the discord chat and
replied to their what's up
that's what I think I might just seen
someone to the left of me did you pick
up the bandages that I dropped by any
chance
oh nice nicely I'll make it too I hear
shots fired
front of me South 165 not sure if it's
teammates just messing around or if it's
actually people though yeah I think I've
got teammates sniping at the top of the
hill
yeah teammates are up here oh I see a
stairway to heaven northeast sixty I
don't know if that's enemies or
teammates I'm not exactly entirely sure
no one was up there I know the server's
I've been quite lucky today round to
come here for a second
Cuban army
right let's pop on to the discord
[Music]
let's pop over
let's see
right where's that supply to up supply
but where are you where are you where
are you a bit too dark to see it let's
not get on the net circle though because
it's some decent time away I'm going to
need to loop some kind of material on
the way there um ah I see it's southeast
150 got shooting over the way from me
by who
snipers yeah so I'm kind of try to keep
out of that way and go straight towards
the circle to be quite fair 27 to 24
someone's opened the Supply Drop oh oh
that would have been such a shot if I
could just be careful some guy was
southeast 120 just building stairs stay
still stay still stay still
oh my days you just jumped off the edge
of the stairs this is a sniped
nice nice nice which one one in front of
us what one person or
he's runnin i have no building materials
whatsoever right now
he's got a scar
talking about site just got me it's no
one health is low on health take him
take him take him
legend legend legend yeah true so true
sir
well at least we've got it either way
I'm just gonna make it right now I just
picked up the bandages well let's head
further in yes sweet sweet I need to
make ya'll crap or not yeah 10 bandages
not too bad
sounds like a team boats got some
trouble yeah yeah a little bass up ahead
zombies
no wait isn't none of those if we rush
him it's only one I did what to change
my gun to be quite fair oh oh oh wow
that did not hold my lord
he shocked me with one shot
eight people
Oh jump pack I'm going to do some PUD
I'm going to use jump time for the last
kill shape did not work out very well
behind a car oh you mean that car oh you
got me excited I thought a guy I thought
that sniper it literally went straight
through the window oh no no way I
thought it got him literally it was so
spot-on it went straight through the
window I thought I'd got that then well
guys first victory of the night cuz I
saw him I tried to snipe him look you so
fortunately not on this stream buddy as
this is a sponsored stream forgot what
was just about to do Friday I'm just
trying not to like you know because mine
is on TV
my sponsor I like for the staff you know
actually want to give a big shout-out to
freakin Bob on TV for actually
sponsoring me so good so good I'm just
having a look at the sponsorship discord
I so just bear with me at two things
is an American company well ban TV right
I'm just literally to try that because
because of this this wisdom tooth pain
I'm trying not to speak on a certain
side of my mouth
because otherwise it just ends up
killing and then I end up going mad
there's no right ready up let's go
[Music]
yeah well in Spain
[Applause]
oh this must be risky drops area present
yes professor
see 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 7 8 9 10 10 people
London
my house I've landed in the field you
watch probably you know one two three
four five six one two three four five
six
okay so we've got 16 minutes here so
that means we've probably got like three
enemy by his shooting team is already
taking someone out okay this house has
already been looted but it's the person
still here
I've got someone in my house
Namie the bitch was shooting at me
though he was a sneaky bugger time to
roll round and there's a for sure if you
want it yeah I thought it was a sneaky
bugger
underneath a football field
[Music]
Hayden yeah probably not
let's head towards greasy yeah this
beauty yeah but by the time we get there
we may have a little bit of time just to
loot there
[Music]
I just stole the teammates shield and he
wasn't a happy bunny about it holy hello
dozer you're miles away from me
justified - Justin - wait but I've got
to start losing somebody's trees
[Music]
the site we've got wampie 40 days 18
really ready got done 10 places never
calm down nearly like 30 hae young
how does that happen I don't know
circles actually quite big and they've
only got that mount my amount of people
left wow that's crazy
I've only got one killed throughout the
holiday game so father that's crazy
open the door yeah last kill with the
sniper oh god it's a good thing that I
don't use them no no no use the HP cake
because it's obviously our boss gone I'm
gonna head to Warsaw it Springs now so
if you want to head that way if you see
anybody on your tail who's literally
dropped around front of me I'm literally
on it right now
probably probably
come on how long do you take to land no
no no no no no no no no no no no look it
up perfect
oh nice as a medic here you want to take
the rocket launcher grenade launcher
rather is that you building bricks so as
I saying guys beforehand this video is
sponsored by insane grips go follow them
on Twitter show them some love
and also give them a retweet as well
they do all sorts of things from Xbox
grips to Playstation 4 and PC as well
all kinds of accessories headsets mats
you name it and also guys if you do want
to use them use the code for Christmas
eleven people remain how is it gold like
34 211 well I did that of the team was
the London near like 20 of our man we
just thought yeah we'll take a more
lemon and just got absolutely destroyed
just watch the hills yeah
did you never know yeah I've got to
start making like the long way around to
light through so we straight towards cuz
it's gonna be in the middle well what
are you looking like on lute right now
no no no no I mean think of it sorry
teammate I've got to be a complete
bugger I've just destroyed holy crap
that's moving quick did not realize that
was covered up quick no wonder why the
teammate was building
sorry teammate you're out I'm probably
gonna die by the time I get there I'm
gonna make it you got
you say 50 mandalas
out of five maybe two years
no way yeah I'm out
did it run well I didn't run the correct
way and I did realize I saw was I was
spent too much time shooting a fucking
thing well that was silly of me play so
just sit here and chill out
dice dice a mortal there we go second
one up tonight that's the side that I
produce
[Music]
alright this return to the lobby and
then we can
ready up and let's go again yeah I think
it's I think it's top seven to be fair
it's been a while since I've used it
I have no idea no idea and chose
character is a college guy
african-american
no they shouldn't
I'm sure it's something like top seven
or top of something
goodnight dojo
what is a grenade gonna do right oh no
way did I just get in with that already
come on baby don't think his teammates
anywhere here so where has he fallen
so revivalist eBay as I know you don't
and then I run out I just there's
someone going up north three four five
to the tower block
oh never one for saucer waldeyer not
there
all right let's start heading towards a
circle here
friggin hate no one's leave it here okay
okay
did you have an a off it's only asunder
gray there's some bandages up here as
well some green smoke grenades dan says
if you want to thought you just loved
the time at your bloody controller says
you're shocked forward but chill everlue
was idle I tell you know I do we love it
I love it I love it yada or just come
here quick a blue blue assault rifle
nope there's another shield up top of
this one here if you want it walk it out
and another field under God blue grenade
launcher literally I've got food as are
two blue grenade launchers right now as
you guys will need launcher do you want
a grenade launcher oh shit we need to
get to the net circle though just go
already out there sir right yeah I'll
never drop this for you here we go Looby
loo here we go Looby lie I'm gonna die
in the middle
yeah happens to me every time
[Music]
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go hey here we go
go here we go he I'm gonna die of
leukemia now 21 to 30 seven words it
with our team like just completely
destroying people tonight let me know if
you get a sniper though
made that just did to you my date
I made that just in between 16 against
32 where do you think they're gonna be I
think they're gonna be like wailing wood
you know I'm gonna head over to winning
woods right now that's where I think
they're gonna come cuz I think they're
gonna think that the circle is gonna end
up around them so that's where they'll
be
Oh Shh Oh that was so lucky I thought
that was a hill oh that got my heart
pumping there did it get my heart
pumping yes it did
[Music]
all right it seems that River this way
well I can hear his snipers bullets
being laughs yeah you watch them build
some massive fall already have you got a
shotgun by any chance yeah yeah straight
down different room where was I that was
a teammate that just shot and made me
think it was someone I'm gonna I'm
seriously not gonna be happy with him is
a teammate stop it
scaring the Lord Jesus out of me I've
got a nice little camping spot as well
when I loot Lake here it's actually
pretty awesome I'll just check it every
Bush eight people left I guarantee I
know where they're gonna be our
guarantee they've got to be under the
actual bridge guarantee and they're
gonna be under the friggin bridge and a
like got a bill up on the roof awesome
yeah what did I say
oh yeah there's someone up there there's
someone out there there's someone up
here that's the teammate
come on you're seven campers where you
up
I thought if they actually go I've got
no shot them right now so if anybody
comes at me with a shower I'm gonna
probably get ruined
or someone to built up here so there
definitely somewhere
four people remain where is where is
sniping money three people remaining as
well
we got that would be number three
alright guys so that has been 250 versus
50 mode here on fortnight Battle Royale
with sweet sugar apple aka justments HD
go visit her YouTube the sweet sugar
apple apple apple give her a subscribe
and alike also don't forget that insane
grips has was a dudes video today so be
sure to go home over to Twitter drop
them a follow and if you do end up
spending any money on their web sites at
insane grips good at UK used the code
Christmas 20 for 20 percent off other
than that guys it's your boy che and
once again I am out